Look, what do you want and do not waste my time?
I have a real emergency to deal with.
Sir.
My boyfriend has been comatose for the past three years
and he really needs to continue his treatments
but I had to drop out of school to take care of him
and then I ran out of money and the hospital kicked me out.
Ah, I remember that.
I saw an email about a girl who dropped out of MIT to take care of her boyfriend.
Is that you?
Yes, that's me.
It was declined.
What?
What happened?
First, based off what you wrote, the patient is your boyfriend, not your husband.
And you say you dropped out of MIT to take on various jobs to fund his treatment?
Yes, I sacrificed everything for him.
Why is that bad?
Because your little sob story is fake.
It's too unbelievable.
No one would do that in real life.
It's true, please.
Sir, I swear, it's all true.
Every word of it.
Miss, let go of me. This is highly inappropriate.
We need this opportunity for him to survive, sir.
You don't understand.
Get out of my way and leave me alone.
I'm in a hurry to find someone.
Sir, please wait.
Stop lying.
Alright, if you insist on continuing, I will press you with charges of fraud.
And we will investigate your application.
Good day, ma'am.